Update README.md (#1378)
Azure/data-api-builder: README.md

Several samples are available already. To follow the [Getting Started](./docs/getting-started/getting-started.md) tutorial you'll find the associated code in the `./samples` folder.

More samples, including end-to-end samples using the most common frontend frameworks, are available in the https://github.com/Azure-Samples/data-api-builder repository

## Known Issues

List of known issues and possible workarounds, where applicable and possible, is available here: [Known Issues](./docs/known-issues.md).

## Development Roadmap

> Do you what to know what we're working on and what is the planned development roadmap for Data API builder? Or do you have some wonderful idea on how to improve Data API builder and what to share them? Go here: https://github.com/Azure/data-api-builder/discussions/1377

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do you want to know what we're working on and what is the planned development roadmap for Data API builder? Or do you have some wonderful ideas on how to improve Data API builder and want to share them? Go here: https://github.com/Azure/data-api-builder/discussions/1377
```
